Add blog - What is EagleEye (#98)
SSWConsulting/SSW.Products: content/blogs/EagleEye/what-is-eagleeye.mdx

---
title: What is EagleEye?
date: '2025-02-03T13:00:00.000Z'
author: Luke Mao
sswPeopleLink: 'https://www.ssw.com.au/people/luke-mao/'
readLength: 1 minute
---

## ❓ Why EagleEye?

Every company has its own unique language and communication style. Understanding how specific terms are used within an organization can provide valuable insights into workload distribution and team collaboration. EagleEye leverages AI-powered insights to analyze emails, helping companies identify overworked employees and optimize team efficiency.

## 🔍 How It Works

> EagleEye scans emails daily, analyzing content and tagging relevant information, providing insights into communication patterns. Additionally, it offers a historical scan feature, allowing users to analyze past email data for deeper insights and long-term trend analysis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
EagleEye scans emails daily, analyzing content and tagging relevant information, providing insights into communication patterns. Additionally, it offers a historical scan feature, allowing users to analyze past email data for deeper insights and long-term trends.
```
